hello everyone I am this from this
stream I'm streaming on Twitch to be
mostly and that's my new chair from the
ex-racer and I want to show you a cool
thing which is on the right side and
it's a laptop and tablet try from the
exploiter obviously it is a r06 think
from that serious well let's look how it
works you can bring your laptop just
over your labs here you can change it's
this his position you can change it even
that way you're gonna stay that way so
you gonna make it like that it's gonna
stay like that same here you can also
close your laptop and leave it here it
looks really cool from all these sides
it's safe here because it won't fall
obviously your chair 1 4 as well
as you see it's not falling so it makes
its job you can also make it higher or
lower
by using this thing up here it's really
hard to do it with one hand because it's
really it's just one that was a hard job
but it look but it works it's higher now
you need to do it with two hands
obviously but I'm holding a camera with
one of mine so you can place tablet or
even plate here instead of laptop it
gets for holders like here here here and
here you can also use this thing to let
your holders get out
mmm models well I would place plate up
there but it's really hard to do it with
one hand so I won't do that but believe
me you can do this you can also make it
bigger or smaller by using those screws
so all the sizes of tablets and laptops
should fit here I'm putting links under
under the video so you can visit the
site of the ex-racer and know how to get
this thing so it works cool looks cool
and it's really well designed ci in the
next clip guys bye